The Gaming Room client sought after creating application that would consist of a web application that would allow teams to input their answers according to what they saw in. Originally on android, the Gaming Room client wanted to expand to a web application so that it would be accessible to more people. When developing the app, the client wanted to base it off of the 1980s game: Win, Lose or Draw.The client was also hoping to create this under their budget. I think I did particularly well in understanding and expressing what the client wanted for their game, especially the main requirements. I think understanding the main requirements of what the client wanted was extremely helpful when developing the code. Providing a simple list allows for me to understand what I'm work with. Although I feel like pretty much all of my work needs to be heavily edited, I think the one part that stands out is understanding the pros and con of developing for operating platforms. I feel this an essential part to understanding what you have to watch out for, and are things that need to be considered. 

I interpret the user's need as something I need to keep at the forefront of my mind. I have to constantly ask myself how would the user react based on what I have designed? It's pretty much putting on the user's mentality, because if I disregard the user's needs then it defeats the purpose. I'm not designing the project for me use, I have to consider the audience. If it's too hard for the user to use then it will attract less traffic, and the client will lose money trying to maintain the site. When designing software, the first thing I want to keep in mind how to make the project storage and memory efficient. Creating software that utilizing a lot of resources from the sources can cause a lot of problems. I think one strategy I would use is first writing out pseudocode to help me understand my thought process and plansso that I can create something similar. Also running unit tests and debugging the project is also a huge requirement.
